and then after we all slept together
that last time you just felt weird after
we were like Sara and I were all about
it but I was just weird where it was all
weird and and then I proposed to Kai
that I just didn't do the dating Sarah
thing and maybe Kai would warm up to it
and Kai eventually agreed to that and
said okay you guys give it a week
but Kai's theory was that if Sara was
ever really Kai's friend Sara would
never do this because Sara was starting
to look like someone trying to steal me
away Sara was eventually just pushing
for me in case the point where Sarah was
allowed to come down and and Kai left
and the agreement was that
Sara and I couldn't do anything like
actual SES we couldn't do the junk -
junk but they didn't say anything about
the backend I know this sounds crazy but
sometimes the truth sounds crazy so
nothing was said I said I wouldn't put
any junk - junk I wouldn't actually like
go inside anybody and I wouldn't
actually do things with anybody while I
was away outside you know kissing and
gonna do anything orally either mouth
junk
so when Sara was here I proposed that we
try junk tahrir and Sara was immediately
down so the first time was in the shower
when I went chump tahrir and we continue
to do junk career Sarah had complains
that she couldn't go to the bathroom
friendly because of junk - rear
and I apologize for that but it was the
only option as we hadn't made an
agreement this all sounds highly
dysfunctional I realize it but you don't
really know how the dysfunctional things
are when you're in the moment but we
were passionate for like two days and it
fell apart
when she said something that again
indicated to me that she was not really
interested in kai at all and that our
relationship had nothing to do with cut
there was a lot of good intentions but
you either die a hero you live long
enough to become a villain your good
intentions often times can wind up being
very very ugly if you don't you either
die a hero you live long enough to
become a villain there was a lot of good
intentions but your good intentions
often times can wind up being very very
ugly
so we enjoyed each other for a little
while and then after the second day of
her being here I abandoned ship
additionally there's some weird stuff
that happened so she was eighteen and a
half and then we just weren't together
because Kai didn't want to be with her
and I was trying to respect Kai's
boundaries there anyway so way she's
would get around it is she would like
I'm having me come lay next to her and
then the room that she was and we want
to be doing anything but she would ask
him to choke her like with my hand choke
her neck and again this is a eighteen
and a half year old and she would
somehow seem to get off on that alone
like she would make noises like she was
getting off for that alone but as we as
I broke it off she did that thing where
she said I'm sorry to me for our ap ing
us myself and kya she apologized for
that then left I kind of felt bad
because I had rejected Sara and I didn't
want to be with her and I I knew that
might have a negative impact on her so I
think I offered to take her to eat food
or something like that anyway so I
took it Sera's near port when I was
appropriate today could be airport and
she cried and I had my arm around her
and she's crying into my shirt shirt all
moist from our tears and I just said you
know I'm sorry I didn't work out but I
do love you I do care about you and I
wish you the best and I'm sorry that we
just can't be a thing because this is
just really not working and she's like
saying that she just wanted to know what
it was like to have a boyfriend if it is
wrong to reject somebody until they turn
18 and a half and then not reject them
anymore when they're pursuing you I
don't know what to tell you
that is not a crime it's weird to to be
in polyamorous relationships in general
but I just don't know what you people
want I just don't know what you people
want